hello everyone rawdog arora here and
today i'm going to show you how simple
and easy it can be to formulate your own
ross soups a lot of people tell me when
it comes to making ross soups it a
little bit intimidated but when you get
down to it making a raw soup this is
pretty much as easy as making any kind
of raw smoothie you're just adding a
couple different flavorings you know so
let's get to it for the base i'm just
using filtered water um you know if you
want to get fancy and you can use juice
i'll do an RD you know vegetable blend
you know that you do in your juicer
we're doing the vitamix and strain out
now amp up the flavor a little bit more
even and or if you're not doing one
hundred percent raw you can use um
vegetable broth base you can use
vegetable stock you can use on like you
know packets of that you brought
seasoning you can totally do that you
know it's all up to you your thing dude
how you want to do it and to this going
to be adding some celery if you notice
most soups have celery in them it's just
such a winning combination and celery is
agreeing it's alkalizing it has good
salts in there that help bolster your
digestion and it's really great because
this is a good savory blended food so
you can get that blended food going on
which is really good especially when
you're transitioning into eating a high
raw diet because that allows your
digestive system really test its muscle
against breaking down on that fiber
without it being in you know just chewed
for its blended it's a lot easier for it
to deal with and gives it some time to
work up to dealing with more food
vegetables so it's an awesome
transitioning tool soo Ross suits rock
and we're going to be throwing some
carrots in there for some carotenoid
some good antioxidants and fiber and
when i'm doing a raw soup if i'm not
planning on straining it out i liked is
that a little bit of carrots up to you
though carrots have a really dense
fibrous structure and even when you
blend them down even in the Vitamix they
can add a little bit
your left there which could be
off-putting the thing on what you like
um if it is and you really want have a
ton of carrot in there low yeah what you
could do is you could stir you to blend
it with water and strain it out through
a nut milk bag so you get the care of
juice carrot flavor but without all that
pulp that's an option you can do too and
I like to add tomatoes to my soup every
time because they just give it such a
hearty texture and was like a meatiness
you know it's really good really
delicious and lots of antioxidants in
there as well and now season it up this
is just the base we got going on here
we're gonna add a little bit of sea salt
to the pinch or two and you want to add
less to start go ahead blend it up then
taste it because you know you can get
always at it you can't take it away but
you can dilute it so say you put too
much sea salt in there and it's like oh
man I ruined the whole blender full of
vegetables no you didn't just add a
little bit more of your base liquid and
toss in a few more veggies blend it up
give it a taste you deluded it a bit
that could work too so now that we got
our base seasonings in here I'm going to
blend this up
here we go just really want to get
everything blended and well mixed there
and we give this a shot got on my
tasting spoons here hmm it's good I
think it use a little bit more salt but
that's me do it to your taste that's
what matters here that's why I say we're
all soups are so amazing they're so
forgiving because you just do it to your
taste and you're going to love it and
put a little bit of garlic in here maybe
not even quite this much one of the
mistakes I made when I first got into
preparing my own foods getting a
culinary stuff when I was a young
teenager I love garlic always love
garlic and I was making it a spa chill
for the first time music we put ton of
garlic and I love it yeah I put like
three cloves in a blender full my mouth
was on fire Oh a little bit of garlic
goes along way especially if it's fresh
and now also going to put in a pinch of
black pepper love black pepper and soups
a little bit of onion powder this is a
good thing to use because it's really
concentrated onion flavor and gives it
more that kind of soup stock flavor and
a little bit of Italian seasonings and I
like to add my seasonings especially um
you know any herbs towards the end of
the blending process you want to do that
you know wait till you're just about
done blending them pop your herbs in
there otherwise I just get mints to
nothing the flavors to spread out you
like to have it blend it in just a bit
that you want those little pieces in
there too little tiny bits so this
little concentrated burst of flavor not
just one homogenized flavor that just
gets you all at once and things are kind
of lost and mismatched it's like little
surprises here and there it's nice to do
it this way go pop that in there and
then to give it more flavor and like
bring move the flavors around add some
little bit of olive oil in there and
what's cool about adding olive oil to a
raw soup like this
a suit is you're adding a fat all these
awesome vegetables and all these
phytonutrients in there are in the
minerals and vitamins are going to be a
lot more readily absorbable by your
system if there's a little bit of that
present while you're consuming them so
it's very multi-purpose throw a little
fat in there and now we've been end
again
there we go and let's check this out
perfect I don't like it too thick unless
I'm doing a green soup I can do a green
suit pretty thick and love it but with
these kind of veggie briefs oops i love
them this texture this consistency is
perfect and it's so easy to do you know
just tweak it and you do not need a set
recipe to make Ross soups they're so
forgiving and super easy and what I'm
doing right here to give it some texture
and make it more like a cook suit I'm
adding some minced tomatoes and you
could add any kind of minced veggies I
like to do tomatoes because they're
really soft they give that illusion that
I just added some cooked veggies this
makes it more like a cut suit so if you
want to do other veggies that's awesome
what you might want to experiment with
doing it's taken those veggies mints and
I'm really fine and then using lemon
juice made a little bit salt a little
bit of olive oil and marinate them maybe
marinate them and stick them in your
dehydrator for a bit that'll soften them
up and I'll give you that illusion that
you're eating a cooked soup and take the
cooked soup illusion even a little bit
further what you could do is take your
blended soup pop it in the saucepan put
it on your stove on the lowest heat
setting possible and just one minute
till it's warm to your touch about 105
close to maybe 110 hundred fifteen it's
not what you're not destroying any of
the enzymes but you're left with a
really awesome raw soup that's warmed
and it's perfect for in the winter I
mean no one wants to be in gazpacho when
it's as ridiculously cold as it is out
here in Connecticut right now so give it
a shot have fun concocting your own Ross
soups and tell me what you think mmm
that is awesome peace out everyone